You caused me to be banned by the firmware,
I'll exchange it for you!
If you want to change it back, you need to find the firmware seal.
What are you doing on my way?
Now I have a child with a firmware seal,
You said that if you came here because you stayed,
Will he come to fight with you?
You can use this child to manipulate firmware seals,
Could it be the child in your belly?
Not his people. You want to show off your life,
You don't care, this child is kept because of you anyway. It’s just you, 20
Someone here has given birth
Miss, what about the child?
If you don’t keep the baby, eat him
Kill our child Miss Ye
Although you are just a lover, you feel aggrieved
Don’t deceive people too much in the middle of the night
What happened last time
Miss and I
I've given you the opportunity to go to the country, so why don't you leave?
Your tight flat side is my patent for this.
How do you manage this large subsidiary?
Miss, I just returned to China
Except having money with you
Who else
is this matter
I won't fight for you
Mr. Aunt, I’ll give you two options.
first sorry
Second, please check.
Especially if there are any others?
Share your thoughts
The ex-girlfriend looks so embarrassed and in pain
I suggest you, Auntie, be sorry.
After all, I’m not afraid of the shadow type
Are you the most human?
You really didn't do this
Tiandi Technology
That being the case
Then let the industry lady deal with this matter first.
I will check the summary of the implementation document
You said it was such an offense and he left.
He killed your only child
I really want to find out that I am in Ding
Sinbuan who also moved down
If I find out there is a cat nun
I will never offend him